************
Nov 15, 2023
************

* Attendees
  - Andy Terrel, Irfan Alibay, Nabil Freij
* Observing
  - Nicole Foster, Arliss Collins
* Apologies
  - Katrina Riehl, Matt Moore, Mridul Seth

Notes
=====

Approval of last month's minutes
--------------------------------

Pending Actions:

Andy Terrel and Matt Moore to go through infrastructure inventory
E-vote on the new charter with Katrina and Mridul
Approved unanimously

New Charter
-----------

https://docs.google.com/document/d/1hzaB_DAGAUdKnfI_x0ktcO6Zf1iP1Er1BtWrpo35LNM/edit
Still need to talk to Katrina and Mridul

Docs Deploy
-----------

https://github.com/numfocus/infrastructure/pull/18/
Merge approved so we can render

To do

- Need to get a NF deploy key
- Folks should review rendered version: https://numfocus.github.io/infrastructure/ (PR needs to be merged for the render to update, right now it's blank)

Project Infrastructure Involvement
----------------------------------

How do projects fund infrastructure?

MDAnalysis had an SDG rejection, for a funding requested access to paid CI resources (macos-arm64 runners and large core count runners).
The response for the paid CI part of the grant was "SDG funds are not typically granted for ongoing expenses where projects will have to come back next year".
This isn't the first time this has happened (
At the NF Project meeting many projects requested CI/CD resources (osx-arm64, gpus, window-arm)
There is no guidance within NF as to what projects are meant to do about this - we're effectively left with a "not our problem" response without really being told whose problem it is.
The SDG committee had clearly signposted this problem to us, that way we had a formal request from someone, rather than finding out through second hand feedback.

Does on-going funds on-going infrastructure?

No. We should recommend updates to the application process
SDG should share infrastructure requests (summarized version) that were rejected.

NF Infrastructure Budget
-------------------------

NF Infra should make a Budget Request to the Board of Directors
We can campaign for funds from the general NF budget, project budgets, or raise specific funds for Infrastructure
Get projects to use issues on the infra repo to document their needs.
Advertise it to the projects.
GPU CI/CD
Pinged a lot from many projects
Github Actions
Private beta starting now for paid accounts but public beta in a few months. They need help justifying the use of Azure GPU machines for CI/CD purposes

Recommend we write a letter on how impactful GPU Hosted Runners will be to our projects
Use case
Projects
Scikit-learn - Arlliss has already talked to Adrin about providing this.
Cupy
dask
Reach out to other organizations
OpenMM & OMSF - @irfan
Linux foundation?
CSS?
Impact to the community
Quansight GPU Cluster
Iterate on their terms of service

Next meeting time: December 20th, 10:30 CT

Action items
============

- Get requests from SDG - Nicole Foster
- Add template for infrastructure request - Andy Terrel
- Reach out how to onboard our projects  - Andy Terrel
- Add infrastructure to agenda for project bimonthly meeting - Arliss Collins
- Set up a mock budget for December submission
- Nicole Foster to add existing ongoing costs
