************
Oct 24, 2025
************

* Attendees:

  - Seema, Nabil Freij, Benjamin Leff

* Observers:

  -  Claudia Alvarado, Addo Davies Jr., Nicole Foster, Kari Hall

* Apologies:

  - Irfan Alibay, Seth Mridul, Arliss Collins, Andy Terrel

Agenda
======

- Previous Action Items
  - Benchmarking with AstroPy
- Over utilization of Resources for wpengine.com
- Welcome new member
- https://github.com/numfocus/infrastructure/issues/69
- Other stuff?

Notes
=====

- Benchmarking with AstroPy
  - Before committing to funding, projects would like a detailed cost estimate and a proof of concept demonstrating the application's capabilities and expected performance (running a ASV benchmark on a project in an EC2 server).
  - Since projects will be financially responsible for their usage, we need to determine a fair and transparent monthly billing model that accounts for factors such as server usage and resource consumption.
  - Need to get a cost estimate for a simple EC2 instant.

    - EC2 cost calculator would get us about 85% of the way.

- Budget questions around does the committee still have the money it asked for last year?
- Over utilization of Resources for wpengine.com
  - Addo with WP Engine Support.
  - The exact day for when the bandwidth spike occurred was September 25th. The day I switch our plan from annually to monthly.
  - The following IPs are causing the high bandwidth:

    - 136.143.177.51 with nginx and php log types
    - 136.143.177.50 with nginx and php log types
    - 136.143.176.51 with nginx and php log types
    - 74.242.242.134 have not yet found any logs for this.

  - Addo went ahead and blocked these IPs.
- The numFOCUS website is moving to a new platform and backend system.
- Arlis is the one to ask about signing software stuff for projects.
  - She has been tagged on the issue, hopefully we can take this forward with the projects.
- Try to get our contact on the TSC to join, timezones are a big problem.
- Make sure all committee members are signed up to vote.

Action items
============

- Upload meeting notes to repo **Nabil Freij**
- Create Detailed Cost Estimate for Benchmarking Application **Addo Davies Jr.**
- Create an issue template for ACCESS to help Alex manage on https://github.com/numfocus/infrastructure
