*************
July 25, 2025
*************

* Attendees:

  - Smit Lunagariya, Nabil Freij, Andy Terdrel, Benjamin Leff

* Observers:

  -  Claudia Alvarado, Addo Davies Jr., Nicole Foster

* Apologies:

  - Irfan Alibay, Seth Mridul, Kari Hall, Arliss Collins

Agenda
======

- Follow up on previous meetings action items.
- Decide on the outcome of application for the new committee member.
- GitHub permissions clean up - audit complete, need final review before deleting any teams.
- Need to start up efforts again to create the guide on how to tell projects to pay for CI/CD from the last numFOCUS summit.
- Do we have any updates on ACCESS?
- Anything else?
- Addo - pg_dump data from AWS pretalx instances, where should this be kept ideally?

Notes
=====

- Arliss has done the full review of GitHub teams
- Plan is to update it all manually and then switch to the auto yaml config to manage it going forward.
- Not heard back from Alex about ACCESS, so just need to send a follow up email.
- Addo emailed Irfan, no response yet, checking with him.
- Delete older pg_dump data from before 2023.

Action items
============

- Create an issue template for ACCESS to help Alex manage on https://github.com/numfocus/infrastructure **Nabil Freij**
- Upload meeting notes to repo **Nabil Freij**
- Create a report for the board **Nabil Freij**
- Email Alex about ACCESS accounts **Nabil Freij**
- Add documentation about how to add or remove people **Nabil Freij**
- Email potential new members asking for more information. **Nabil Freij**
