************
Aug 02, 2024
************

* Attendees:

  - Seth Mridul, Nabil Freij

* Observers:

  - Nicole Foster, Arliss Collins

* Apologies:

  - Andy Terrel, Katrina Riehl, Irfan Alibay, Matt Moore, Claudia Alvarado

Notes
=====

Summit:

- Program committee is working an introduction of all committees into the plenary sessions with a set unconference session
- Start thinking about any specific items to address with projects

Pretalx account follow up:

- Can the committee start the conversation?

  - Andy: I think we can certainly start conversations and get proposals but don’t have signatory power
  - Mridul: can we just help nudge it along
  - Need to review spend for PyData sites on AWS and Rackspace
  - Need to review current setup and conversion to static site costs

Nicole - Cost of hosting for Pretalx:

- Unclear how much we are paying for our own version we host.
  The Static sites are pretty expensive
  - It's possible the new devdeps person can take on that load and it might be a cheaper solution.
  - Worry that the custom code from Mate would not be allowed but they are very happy to accept the code upstream.
- List price from pretalx.com (Estimate from older notes)

  - Pay by expected number of attendees and talks:

    - Large events: 1400 EUR / event
    - Small events: 900 EUR / event

  - Hosting 16 events: 16,900 EUR

    - 5 large events: 7000 EUR
    - 11 small events: 9900 EUR

- Current: ~$18,400

  - Server cost is around ~$50 a month per event

    - 12 month + 4 concurrent events: $2,400

  - Dev Time - $16,000

Meetings with project leads regarding CI/CD:

- Met with Ralf from NumPy and Oliver from MDAnalysis

Interview process for new devops role:

- Andy, Mridul and Nabil are given access to the recruiter platform.
- Committee sees opportunity to improve the process for the new hire
- Clarify the committee role

  - Would like to have input on the hire
  - Can help sort resumes
  - Do we have a veto on candidates?

    - If we have problems with them, then yes.

Action items
============

- Create a Google Forms survey which details: Nabil Freij

  - What CI services are using currently and what architectures do you use on them?
  - Do they need paid services? If so, what ones and how much (rough estimate)?
  - What architectures do you want to run on?

- Move the proposal for CI/CD guide to discussions Andy Terrel

  - Generate sphinx skeleton Nabil Freij
  - Start writing base guide Andy Terrel

- Filter more resumes on linkedin Andy Terrel,  Seth Mridul, Nabil Freij
