************
Sep 26, 2025
************

* Attendees:

  - Smit Lunagariya, Nabil Freij

* Observers:

  -  Claudia Alvarado, Addo Davies Jr., Nicole Foster

* Apologies:

  - Irfan Alibay, Seth Mridul, Kari Hall, Arliss Collins, Andy Terdrel, Benjamin Leff

Agenda
======

- Zulip Overview (Committees)
- Updates from Alex on ACCESS
- Accept the new member?

Notes
=====

- How did the benchmarking demo go?
  - Did not have a meeting due to conflicts.
- Zuplip overview for Nabil who has not been paying any attention.
- Nabil will send a reply back to the new member, asking them to join.

Action items
============

- Upload meeting notes to repo **Nabil Freij**
- Create a report for the board **Nabil Freij**
- Create a list of what needs to be done to add/remove members to the committee. **Nabil Freij**
- Update character to mention the committee oversight is done by the TSC **Nabil Freij**
- Meet with project regarding benchmarking POC **Addo Davies Jr.**
